Creativity 
Ch1:  Appetizers put you over the budget.  I say, "yes and is there a way to get some of those and to replace the carrots?"
 coworkers says, lets request more time. I say, "yes and include the tech support so we are all on the same page and held responsible."
dayna says lets go to spain, and i say yes and include turkey
•	In my life, right now, where do I play? at the gym, on the trail, at home, travelling
•	What am I passionate about? getting stronger, learning skills, travelling, sports
•	What is my purpose? (It’s fine to have more than one.) help make peoples lives better.. entertain
•	Are there any commonalities among these areas? If so, what does that tell you about where your intrinsic motivation lies?

 		the commoanlity is to travel and to use my skills to help people improve while they are enterained

CH2:  Activity 1: Random Words Use the random word provided to generate unusual ideas for the situation. 
•	Random word: tire Situation: studying for an exam// Set up a wheel.  once you go all the way around you have completed all the studies

•	Random word: stove  Situation: planting a garden//  possible plant potatos near/ below the corn
•	Random word: pillow Situation: debugging a computer//  hold a pillow until you figure it out
•	Random word: shampoo Situation: planning for retirement//  Each time you buy new shampoo, save an addition $200


•	Random word: necklace  Situation: preventing an asteroid  from hitting the Earth// create a vibrating sound in the atmosphere that will help break it up before it lands
 
Activity 2: PO Statements Use PO to provoke your childlike ability to pretend. For example, “PO people can fly.” You could think of PO as a part of the word “supPOse,” as in “Suppose things were different.” 
Try creating five or more statements starting with PO. Choose one and expand on what new insights or ideas you get from that provocative statement.
 provocutive operations
1.PO lifters do not warm up
2. PO investors earn income quickly
3. PO husbands are helpful.  they spend time researching other peoples problems.  They learn something from the research and are able to use it for their benefit
4.  PO people have a strong mental endurance
5.  PO friends create awesome memories

CH3:
Ken is innovative.  People at EJ are adaptive. Ken is always reinforcing that there is a way to make it work and that life is good.  
EJ people are consistantly makeing adjustments to the process
Knowledge of creative styles lets me know that EJ people are all not that bad and their work could pay off

try wearing all of the hats, but not at the same time
•	Blue (sky, above everything else, organizing hat)
•	White (objective, facts and figures) - I need to work some amount of time, also have money invested, multiple streams
•	Red (emotional view) - you are sitting on your dick too much and not contributing enough
•	Green (growth, creativity, new ideas) -Invest money, create podcast, homebased part time
•	Black (careful, cautious, devil’s advocate) - losing the ivestment, leaving yourself too little money, 
•	Yellow (sunny, positive)- free time to travel and still earn money

The advantage to these 5 steps is that it doesn't get jumbled in your mind.


Understanding Investments
 As an investor, what are the things that you truly have control over? What things do you have no control over?
 -entering and exiting times
-stop loss.. live to fight another day
-take profit orders.  stick it out until you get the profit you wanted

you cannot control the news and how the market reacts to it

The internet makes the market more effecient by alerting people with important changes.
it is less effecient because too much change can happen at once

I think the effeciency has stayed the same.  There are just more transactions

Smaller firms (that is, smaller capitalization) tend to outperform larger companies
The January effect - xcess selling pressure before January and excess buying pressure after January 1, leading to 
this effect.
Extensive academic research has shown that stocks with below-average price-to-book ratios tend to outperform the market. 
. The neglected-firm effect occurs on stocks that are less liquid (lower trading volume) and tend to have minimal analyst support.
yesterday's top performers become tomorrow's underperformers, and vice versa.
Research has shown that stocks tend to move more on Fridays than Mondays and that there is a bias toward positive market performance on Fridays.
he first is to select the 10 highest-yielding Dow stocks. The second method is to go a step further and take the five stocks from that list with the lowest absolute stock price and hold them for a year.





Python
What would be the output from each of the following lines of code?
1 print(1+2+3+4+5) = 15
2 print (3**2 + 4**2)  = 25  3^2
3 print(3*(5+2)) = 21
4 #print(100)  = is a comment
5 print(1/2 + 1/2) = 1
6 print (1//2 + 1//2) = error
7 print (3985780149 % 2) =1
What would be the code you would write for each of the following?
pg 276
